[ADD] Live Chat: Info Panel (#15268)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/livechat/information.rst

=================
Information panel
=================

The **Live Chat** information panel provides agents with the context they need to handle live chat
conversations efficiently. It gathers key information about the visitor and the conversation
history, allowing agents to respond faster and avoid repetitive messaging.

Accessing the info panel
========================

To view the info panel, open a live chat conversation either in the **Discuss** app or the **Live
Chat** app. Live chat discussions in the **Discuss** app are listed on the left side panel, under
the title of the live chat channel where the conversation began. In the **Live Chat** app,
conversations can be accessed by navigating to :menuselection:`Live Chat --> Sessions --> All
Conversations`.

> On the right side of the conversation, click the :icon:`fa-info` :guilabel:`(information)` icon to

Reviewer: This is already open when you click on a conversation in both the Live Chat and Discuss apps. I would recommend saying the information panel appears on the right, and that button can show or hide it.

open the info panel.

.. image:: information/info-panel.png
   :alt: The information panel for a known contact.

Contact information
===================

If the live chat conversation involves a known contact, a :guilabel:`View Contact` button appears at

> the top of the panel. Clicking this button opens the :doc:`contact record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the live chat conversation involves a known contact, a :guilabel:`View Contact` button appears in the information panel, above the :guilabel:`Status` . Clicking this button opens the :doc:`contact record
```

Only because it took me a whileto find it on my own in Runbot, so this would have helped me with the search

<../../essentials/contacts>` for the customer, without closing the conversation. The contact record
links to the customers' sales, invoices, meetings, and previous live chat sessions.

Status
======

The *Status* feature allows agents to identify conversations that require immediate action, and

> inform other agents which conversations require their expertise at any given time.

Author: "allows agents to...inform other agents" :)

In progress
-----------

The *In progress* status is the default status for a conversation. This status indicates that the
customer is waiting for a response from an agent.

.. tip::
   If a conversation is set to *Waiting for customer*, it will revert to *In progress* as soon as
   the customer sends a new message.

Waiting for customer
--------------------

The *Waiting for customer* status indicates that an agent has sent a message to the customer and is
waiting for a response. When this status is applied, the conversation is highlighted in yellow with
a :icon:`fa-hourglass-start` :guilabel:`(hourglass)` icon.

.. image:: information/waiting-for-customer.png
   :alt: A conversation with the waiting for customer status.

.. important::
   The *Waiting for customer* status must be manually applied.

Looking for help
----------------

If a conversation is marked with the status *Looking for help*, it moves from under the channel name
heading to the *Looking for help* heading, and the :icon:`fa-exclamation-circle`
:guilabel:`(exclamation circle)` icon is added. Any user with **Live Chat** permissions can view or

> join these conversations, even if they are not currently active in a live chat channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a conversation is marked with the status *Looking for help*, it moves from its original channel name
heading to the *Looking for help* heading, and the :icon:`fa-exclamation-circle`
:guilabel:`(exclamation circle)` icon is added. Any user with **Live Chat** permissions can view or
join these conversations, even if they are not currently active in a live chat channel.
```

If a conversation with the *Looking for help* status has an :ref:`expertise <information/expertise>`
listed that matches the user's, the conversation is marked with a :icon:`fa-star` :guilabel:`(star)`
icon.

.. image:: information/relevant-to-experience.png
   :alt: The looking for help panel with a star marking conversations relevant to user expertise.

> To join a conversation in progress, click the :icon:`fa-sign-in` :guilabel:`(sign in)` icon. Doing

Reviewer: I can't find the Sign In icon (even after leaving a channel, thinking it might show up then. Can you add more info on where this is found?

on the information panel under *Chatbot answers*.

.. image:: information/chatbot-answers.png
   :alt: The chatbot answers section of the information panel.

.. _information/expertise:

Expertise
=========

The :guilabel:`Expertise` field allows agents to designate the topic of conversation to a specific
expertise. This helps to categorize the conversation for assignment purposes, as well as issue
tacking and enchanced reporting. Click into the field and select one or more options from the
drop-down list.

Recent conversations
====================

Any recent live chat conversations with this customer also appear in the information panel. Click on
the :icon:`fa-external-link` :guilabel:`(external link)` icon on the ticket title to open the
conversation in a new tab.

.. image:: information/recent-conversations.png
   :alt: The recent conversations field on the information panel.

Open tickets
============

Any open **Helpdesk** tickets created by the customer also appear in the information panel. Click on
the :icon:`fa-external-link` :guilabel:`(external link)` icon on the ticket title to open the ticket
record in a new tab.

> .. image:: information/open-tickets.png

Reviewer: OMG "coloUr" is KILLING me. You don't *need* to retake the image with correct spelling (or rename the ticket) but it *would* be awesome if you did =D
